{ Questions & Answers }
Q: "Can I sit with you?"
A: Well, of course! You're always welcome to sit with me and my friends, if they're around. If I do have any sort of "DNI" and or "DNT", then please, refrain from interacting as a whole. Otherwise? C+H is always encouraged and you will be met with a friendly reaction from me upon doing so!

Q: "Can I cover you?"
A: Most definitely not! Please do not cover me and refrain from doing so. I prefer to have my avatar visibe to me and others, as my friends are often around and covering me makes it harder for them to spot me. Please don't cover my friends either if they're sat besides me or behind me. The only time I allow covering is if I purposfully cover myself by hiding behind your pony.

Q: "Can I copy your skins?"
A: NO!!!! No no no and NO!! What kind of question is that?!?! Taking inspiration is quite alright, feel free to do so with my coloring, shading, hair-making and whatever the hell else you wish, but do not copy my pony down to the exact detail. If you do end up taking inspiration from me, please give me a heads-up first!

Q: "Can I nuzzle/spam kiss you?"
A: Oooh, yes yes yes! That is always welcome, as I do not see it as a romantic gesture, but rather a gesture of appreciation for me and or my pony! I'm always happy to be interacted in such way and am more than happy to return said friendly gesture. The only time I won't allow said gesture if my name specifically states any sort of "DNI" and or "DNT".

Q: "Can I roleplay with you?"
A: No! Refrain from roleplaying with me, as it does feel like I'm being treated as nothing but a character, which I'm NOT! I may be a fictionkin of a fictional character, but that doesn't mean I am to be treated as such. The only time you'll see me roleplaying is on party island.

Q: "Can I friend you?"
A: Most of the time, no! I don't friend randoms - We would have to interact more than once or at least for longer than just a few minutes. I also have requests turned off, so you are to ask me first before friending. Do not friend me on any other social media application without giving me a heads-up first, because you will most likely be ignored.

Q: Can I interact with you if I'm above the age of 18?
A: Any age over 18 is allowed to interact, I would even say encouraged! Do not worry about a thing. Play flirting, to an extent, is tolerated. If I do tell you I'm uncomfortable or show visible discomfort though, please refrain from repeating said actions or words again.

Q: Can I interact with you if I'm under the age of 18?
A: It depends, really! If you are 14 and above and make no freaky comments around me, don't engage in weird behavior and don't discuss any sensitive topics, then you are allowed to interact! Though if you are 13 and under, please refrain from interacting as a whole - a simple "Hi" or "How are you?" is always welcome, but nothing beyond small-talk will be tolerated. Any flirtation does make me quite uncomfortable, so please do not act such ways with me, as you will most likely be blocked. As for friend requests, I do not generally accept friend requests from minors.

Q: Can I match or sit with you as a ship:
A: Yes, go ahead, I really don't care! As long as you do not force said ship upon me, as I'm not exactly all too fond of ships, then do whatever you want! I'm all for C+H, no matter the reasoning behind it. The only thing I won't allow is if the ship you're trying to promote is a proship or an illegal ship. Upon finding that out, I will most definitely be blocking you without a warning. Another thing I won't indulge in is roleplaying as said ship or duo.. Again, I do not roleplay outside the party island.

Q: "Do you block freely?"
A: Surprisingly, no! I rarely ever block unless given a solid and valid reason to. I do not mind a lot of things and can tolerate a lot, but one thing I won't stand for is proshipping, harassment of me or my friends or weird comments being made - all of these things might and most likely will result in your getting blocked.
